so here we are on the pc so
then in you have the safe level 50
for survival then you will go
look for your save on your usb key
actor life your profile you put it
on the desktop of are more fun
find
then you have your backup
so I ask you more software I
will put the link also in the
description
so
a save lord 1.4 you open it and
you open the application with the photo
ps3 that marks you and ps3 on your
screen this is then have software is
very simple that you will open there the
second tab so here you have
lots of stuff you're going to open
gold the end aude by am sf
oh you open and after you go
look for your backup you want that
you have just created me I will look for
I saved yesterday TV ranque
here you open the parham lo
then have to back it up you put
save profile but that 1 2 or 3 wanted without
remember which one you select here
but you're ok you're returning 25 billion
tabs you put open file
and
you are looking for the rescuer that I you
I gave level 50
here and after you will open no matter
I'm going to open the elite on that change
nothing you open but that's it
so after you just have to put the
profile so the profile a month I have
put me resigned and here we see the
bar down who is moving forward
sign the save
here is the cfl and signed for your profile
we will leave you
and after you could diameter ah yes
before
the created backup goes in the same
folder that backup you have it
taken original bakiev it's the one that
you had before you can not
put on your PS3 you that you
just put the other on your key
usb and a ps3 folder here you
copy profile pays me to pay wanted
copy and we end up on the ps3